Updated note in UGRID documentation (#3188)
dtcenter/MET: docs/Users_Guide/appendixH.rst

We anticipate expanding the UGRID capabilities in MET in the near future. Until then, users are encouraged to be mindful of the following limitations:

> 1. In GridStat, there is no support for verifying directly on a UGRID. The UGRID (either forecast, obs, or both) must be regridded to a structured verification grid prior to verification being performed. In most cases, gridded observations are on a structured grid and so the users are encouraged to regrid their UGRID forecast to the structured observation grid. If the user wishes to verify a UGRID observation against a UGRID forecast (for example, a UGRID model analysis), the user must define a custom verification grid tailored to their UGRID characteristics, being mindful that the regridding can be slow for large verification grids. The user is referred to :ref:`appendixB` for guidance on defining a structured verification grid. For Point-Stat, evaluation occurs by interpolating directly between the UGRID and observation points and does not require regridding.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In GridStat, there is no support for verifying directly on a UGRID. The UGRID (either forecast, obs, or both) must be regridded to a structured verification grid prior to verification being performed. In most cases, gridded observations are on a structured grid and so the users are encouraged to regrid their UGRID forecast to the structured observation grid. If the user wishes to verify a UGRID observation against a UGRID forecast (for example, a UGRID model analysis), the user must define a custom verification grid tailored to their UGRID characteristics, being mindful that the regridding can be slow for large verification grids. The user is referred to :ref:`appendixB` for guidance on defining a structured verification grid. For Point-Stat, evaluation occurs by interpolating UGRID data directly to observation point locations and does not require regridding.
```
